SACRIFICE 11:12... We were once all slaves to death, every breath is a prayer to the gods to delay your end. But Zizo bestowed us the way to break these shackles of mortality, to become masters of our own destiny, to transcend the boundary between LYFE and DEATH. Sacrifice for the greater good.
SACRIFICE 4:11... Food is what cultivates lyfe; and without lyfe, there would be nothing left. At least, that is what His children would want you to believe. Yet Aasimar and those of unlyfe, stand as testament otherwise.
SACRIFICE 5:7... To most a shovel is a tool for burying the lyfeless. His worshippers would say that death is necessary; that the body will nourish this world, so that more lyfe may sprout. But to those who know the truth - Her truth, it is nothing more than a mockery.
SACRIFICE 5:2... To bring the lyfeless back from decrepity, to elevate them to heights once thought unsurmountable; that is but part of the will of Zizo, made manifest.
SACRIFICE 7:3... The spine; a sacred leyline between spirit and sinew. It must remain unsevered, lest Her blessings be lost.
SACRIFICE 12:5... The ignorant will discover their true nature, in wrath and ruin. They will take to the stars and burn them out, one by one. Only when the last star turns to dust, will they finally realize that She was trying to save them from Man's greatest foe; oblivion.
SACRIFICE 6:12... And so the body rose, as the Magos lifted his hand. LYFE brought unto the LYFELESS, her art and blessing GYFTED to mortal hands. The dead rose up again to serve and so the village did not perish this yill.
SACRIFICE 8:3... While they believed they endured and bled, ignorant and blinded by His misled faithful. The Herald of Her will stood firm, arm shattered, half-o-dozen wounds that would have been fatal for mortalkynd; a testament to her work, a height thought unsurmountable.
SACRIFICE 5:9... And had the hunter's husband not become a deadite arisen through her GYFT of UNLYFE. His vessel would have been forfeit to the rot of this world, Zizo's blessings and curse with purpose to save a soul from DEATH's eternal clutches.
SACRIFICE 7:3... Let Psydonia's carcass not spell the death of Man, but the birth of Gods. In Her name.
SACRIFICE 1:1... She called us forth from the edge of reality - and with Her dying breath, rasped out the final truth; 'the fire is gone, and the world will soon follow.'
SACRIFICE 4:3... With the hands of Her rituos, the Scholar stood before Her legionnarries, through the power of Necromancy they went forth and challenged the Tyrant Sun's disciples; Those whom would have slain, gutted, hanged and quartered the helpless for the mere crime of knowing Her truth.
SACRIFICE 5:3... As the murderers laughed at the villagers they killed without reason, their victims rose again to enact their revenge that Death would defy them. Eventually the villagers would lyve again, half-still clinging to Her blessing of unlyfe. Those would be known as Rotmen, those betwixt lyfe and unlyfe.
SACRIFICE 3:4... They will preach to you that death is a final destination, but must one truely discard  their lyfe for naught because fate told them so? Zizo's gyft of unlyfe, a second chance, a defiance to this ignorant gospel was a great step of many, a testament to Her truth.
SACRIFICE 6:6... And so upon the table, the hunk of metal arose, not as a servant but an extension of Humenity, a construct. And so the artificer smiled at the joy of creation before them; a Testament to Her bestowment of lyfe anew.
SACRIFICE 7:7... And so in ruin and rubble did the spellblade rise, where most would be reduced by Psydonia's rot to decrepitation and waste. Under Zizo's absolute mandate they rose defiant, anew; chant, magicka and blade at their command. Nothing was lost, only remade; In her Name.
