PROGRESS 4:5... So forth she brought us artificery, inanimate made animate, lyfe granted unto the impossible. The very scoms, hermes and miesters are but decendants of Her creations. made as purpose-set lyves manifest by the enchantments She so manipulated and designed.
PROGRESS 7:6... And they tell the ignorant that ZIZO is the Archdevil. LIES! The truth is She achieved ascension, shattered the lie of mortals and gods being seperate! And the Ten feared Her, for they saw Her as a threat to their power, and so they lied, But we know the truth, and this truth sets us free.
PROGRESS 12:5... The ignorant will discover their true nature, in wrath and ruin. They will take to the stars and burn them out, one by one. Only when the last star turns to dust, will they finally realize that She was trying to save them from Man's greatest foe; oblivion.
PROGRESS 6:5... The gods of the Pantheon received Her with anger and hatred, but they were dominated by fear of which a new era without slaves to tyrany and death could exist. for they realised how truely powerless they were.
PROGRESS 6:3... Yet do not mistake the immortal prophets whom serve in her Name as ones whom always speak gospel truth; for even immortality has its flaws, we must know what brings us forwards. Lest we too fall into ignorance, stagnation; something must always change.
PROGRESS 9:4... And one of many of Her greatest creations, Still used to this dae; a mixture of Fulgarmancy arts and Artifice combined to bring forth LYFE anew, without the need of beseeching divinity.
PROGRESS 6:7... Her blessed Avantyne, weaved and threaded its way up upon the steel alloy and flesh alyke, an agonising, yet Process that left something far greater than what was before, a testament to the cost and benefits of Progress alyke.
PROGRESS 8:8... Although the Apprentice believed themselves hopeless, forsaken by the so called "Divinity" of the pantheon; by Her will, They were granted POWER and POTENTAL they were denied, to seek their own destiny; In her Name.
PROGRESS 2:3... Up the Z, down the PSY! Its not a bad omen but a sigil of change; they view themselves as seperate but they merely mislead to the wrong path for we serve a higher purpose for this world. Her work was never obliteration of His creation but a world anew, to preserve Humenity from oblivion.
PROGRESS 4:8... Do not fault the layman for fearing Her disciples, nor for driving them out of the villages with pitchforks-and-torches. They, too, will come to see the blessings of Zizo, all in due tyme.
PROGRESS 2:5... And He, gave his greatest sacrifice for this world, yet you would deny it in rot. To Progress beyond oblivion, to create a new paradice In her Name. That is Her will, that is Her mandate.
PROGRESS 5:5... Everything has a cost, to deny such is ignorance. The masses would blindly call it hubris, it is but a nessessity of calculated odds. Progress commands sacrifice.
PROGRESS 4:5... The greatest lie is that our fates are set in stone. Through Progress, Ascension, self-made Divinity, we can shatter the binds of our fate, defy the oblivion that ends Humenity with this world.
PROGRESS 3:5... They claim many arts and creations were lost with her Ascension and the great sundering, this is but only a half-truth. Through her will, many creations will return greater than ever before. What was lost shalt be remade anew. In Her name.
PROGRESS 5:3... They claim that light is a nessessity for Humenity, but it is but a fabriciation, a fickle lie. Within darkness truth reigns, it festers where the light of Noc and Astrata would have you blinded; a deperate but pitiful attempt to hide Her truth from your eyes.
PROGRESS 9:9... The persuit of artifice, magicka, power and unlyfe aren't unnatural, they aren't inherently wrong. The ignorant masses will claim the unknown as a persuit, but nothing is beyond knowing. That is one of many parts of Zizo's Truth.
